AVIR License Agreement (for AVIR image resizing software library version 1.9)

AVIR Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Aleksey Vaneev

1. AVIR image resizing software library and its parts and associated
documentation files (collectively, "AVIR") is licensed, not sold. AVIR and
all rights are owned by AVIR copyright holder and are protected by
copyright law and international copyright treaties. You (individual person
or a company) acknowledge that no title to the intellectual property in
AVIR is transferred to you. You further acknowledge that title and full
ownership rights to AVIR will remain the exclusive property of AVIR
copyright holder and you will not acquire any rights to AVIR except as
expressly set forth in this License Agreement.

2. This License Agreement is only applicable to non-commercial and
low-income commercial use of AVIR. This means that you have to sign a
special license agreement with AVIR copyright holder if you or your
company sells and/or licenses (directly or via resellers) software products
and/or non-software products with firmware where AVIR is included or may be
included, and if or when the combined sales of such products reach at your
end a sum of more than 40000 (forty thousand) US dollars per year (or
equivalent value in your native currency). Sales also include subscriptions
where a subscribed end user may get a functioning, and/or feature-extended,
and/or advertisement-free product where AVIR is included or may be
included. Software products also include user-operated server-based image
and video editing applications where AVIR is included or may be included.
Donation-based, but otherwise free from fees, software products where AVIR
is included or may be included are treated herein as non-commercial.

3. The execution of AVIR image resizing function in non-commercial,
commercial and any other environments (operations) of any size and for any
purpose is allowed without a fee.

4. If you have a considerable development budget, and/or make a
considerable profit from donations (grants), and/or make advertising profit
associated with software where AVIR is included, or if AVIR image resizing
function is an important function (e.g. on a photo hosting, a social web
site) which is performed using proprietary software product where AVIR is
included, then consider voluntarily signing a special license agreement
with AVIR copyright holder.

5. If you sublicense to a non-end user third party, or transfer rights to
your software where AVIR or its parts are included, to a third party, this
third party should agree to this License Agreement or sign a special
license agreement with AVIR copyright holder, or remove AVIR dependence
from the received software.

6. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or company
(subject to the restrictions outlined above) obtaining a copy of AVIR, to
deal in AVIR without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense (except as
noted above), and/or sell copies of AVIR, and to permit persons to whom
AVIR is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this License Agreement shall be included in
all copies or portions of AVIR.

7. AVIR IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH AVIR OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
AVIR.

8. AVIR copyright holder's e-mail: aleksey.vaneev@gmail.com
AVIR copyright holder's registered address:
Aleksey Vaneev
6-54 Lenin Street,
Syktyvkar, Komi Republic 167000
Russia

Please credit the author of this library in your documentation in the
following way: "AVIR image resizing algorithm designed by Aleksey Vaneev"
